src/sales-channels/amazon/sales-channel-settings.md, before:

---
title: Amazon Sales Channel Settings
---


Amazon Sales Channel settings are defaulted during installation of the extension. These settings can be modified and are located in your stores configuration settings. These settings include:

- Whether or not to display the **Revenue** section on the store's dashboard.
- Intervals for clearing activity log history.
- Selection of the Cron source.

## To modify your Amazon Sales Channel settings:

1. Click **Stores** in the Admin sidebar. Then under Settings, click **Configuration**.

1. Scroll down and click **Sales Channels** and then **Global Settings**. The Sales Channel Settings screen displays.

1. For **Show Dashboard Chart**, select an option in the drop-down.

    - **Yes**: (Default) Choose when you want the **Revenue** section to display on the store's [dashboard]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link sales-channels/amazon/amazon-store-dashboard.md %}). If set to "Yes," the **Revenue** section displays a graphical representation for the store's revenue for the last 7 or 30 days.
    - **No**: Choose when you do not want the **Revenue** section to display on the store's [dashboard]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link sales-channels/amazon/amazon-store-dashboard.md %}).

1. For **Clear Log History**, select an option in the drop-down. Options:

    - **Once Daily**: Select this option to clear your store's activity history once daily.
    - **Once Weekly**: Select this option to clear your store's activity history once weekly.
    - **Once Monthly**: (Default) Select this option to clear your store's activity history once monthly.

1. For **Background Tasks (CRON)** Source, select "Magento CRON" in the drop-down. This tells Amazon Sales Channel to used your Magento Cron settings to determine communication and data sync intervals with Amazon Seller Central.

1. Click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link images/images/sales-channels/amazon/config-sales-channel-global-settings.png %}){: .zoom}
_Amazon Sales Channel Global Settings_

Commit message:

Channels - ASC-203
- Updated TOCs (ce, ee, b2b) to include Sales Channel tab in Config
- 2 new config topics
    - sales-channels.md
    - global-settings.md
- configuration/services/channels.md - corrected text in Enable Service logs row
- New image - config-sales-channels.png
- Updated image - config-sales-channel-global-settings
- Updated change log - added September section and ASC 203 updates
- sales-channels/amazon/amazon-logs-reports.md - added callout for additional logging
- sales-channels/amazon/order-settings.md - added note about sku matching
- sales-channels/amazon/sales-channel-settings.md - updated formats and added enable debug logging step
- sales-channels/google-ads/account-resolve-errors.md - added note about additional logging
- sales-channels/google-ads/product-resolve-errors.md - added note about additional logging

src/sales-channels/amazon/sales-channel-settings.md, after:

---
title: Amazon Sales Channel Settings
---


Amazon Sales Channel settings are defaulted during installation of the extension. These settings can be modified and are located in your stores configuration settings. These settings include:

- Whether or not to display the **Revenue** section on the store's dashboard.
- Intervals for clearing activity log history.
- Selection of the Cron source.
- Whether or not to log synchronization data.

## To modify your Amazon Sales Channel settings:

1. Click **Stores** in the _Admin_ sidebar. Then under _Settings_, click **Configuration**.

1. Scroll down and click **Sales Channels** and then **Global Settings**. The _Sales Channel Settings_ screen displays.

1. For **Show Dashboard Chart**, select an option in the drop-down.

    - **Yes**: (Default) Choose when you want the **Revenue** section to display on the store's [dashboard]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link sales-channels/amazon/amazon-store-dashboard.md %}). If set to "Yes," the **Revenue** section displays a graphical representation for the store's revenue for the last 7 or 30 days.
    - **No**: Choose when you do not want the **Revenue** section to display on the store's [dashboard]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link sales-channels/amazon/amazon-store-dashboard.md %}).

1. For **Clear Log History**, select an option in the drop-down. Options:

    - **Once Daily**: Select this option to clear your store's activity history once daily.
    - **Once Weekly**: Select this option to clear your store's activity history once weekly.
    - **Once Monthly**: (Default) Select this option to clear your store's activity history once monthly.

1. For **Background Tasks (CRON)** Source, select `Magento CRON` in the drop-down. This tells Amazon Sales Channel to used your Magento Cron settings to determine communication and data sync intervals with Amazon Seller Central.

1. For **Enable Debug Logging**, select `Enabled` to collect additional synchronization data when troubleshooting is needed.

   Amazon Sales Channel logging is written to the `{Magento Root}/var/log/channel_amazon.log` file and can be viewed in [developer mode]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link magento/installation-modes.md %}).

1. Click <span class="btn">Save Config</span>.

![]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link images/images/sales-channels/amazon/config-sales-channel-global-settings.png %}){: .zoom}
[_Amazon Sales Channel Global Settings_]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link configuration/sales-channels/global-settings.md %})
